Howdy folks, lets get ready for the workshop!

h1. Setting up the application

h2. Requirements

 # You need to have apache / mysql / php5 running locally
 # You should have git installed (if not you won't be able to see updates as they come in)

h2. Getting the code

*Using git:*

 # Navigate to your http docs folder in your terminal
 # Run <code>git clone git@github.com:felixge/raleigh-workshop-08.git workshop</code>
 # You should now have a folder called workshop downloaded onto your computer. The CakePHP application itself is in the sub folder "application".

*No git:*

 # Go to https://github.com/felixge/raleigh-workshop-08/tree/master
 # Download the contents of the "application" folder

h2. Running the application

 # Make a copy of app/config/core.php.default in app/config/core.php
 # Make a copy of app/config/database.php.default in app/config/database.php
 # Create a new local mysql database called "workshop" (or similar)
 # Import the app/config/sql/2008-08-06.sql file (or a newer version) into the workshop database
 # Open app/config/database.php and set up your default connection settings to make it connect to the workshop db
 # Point your browser to http://localhost/workshop/application/
 # If everything worked you should see the application running

h1. Problems?

 # If you have problems, get a hold of one of the presenters in the 2nd room - they'll be happy to help you
 # Otherwise simply browse the code on github and play with the life version on http://workshops.debuggable.com/raleigh-08/application/